hey guys what's going on today I've got
another car trick for you where this is
a David Blaine trick I'm not gonna
bothered with the performance of it
because I'm sure everyone's seen it
before but you need / nines and the
eight-part the deck so just get all the
rounds in the eights pause the video
wait okay you got it okay right so for
this June this is no cell that's just
the rest of the debt so you get you get
you nine in your rate so this the
organizing the eight here and then you
deal one out and then you put a random
card on top of it deal want a random
card dealer dear one random card deal
runnin quite a while so you should have
a setup where there's a9 the card in
between nine carlin between a card in
between 89 columns we meeting between oh
it doesn't really matter what format the
eighth of the nines are in just as long
as the card in between each of them and
when you've done that on top I'm
actually good to go over this trick okay
so let's just pretend the suspect area
in front of me the first thing you say
is take off third of the deck so let's
just say they take off the third and
then we put that to one side and then
you just leave them alone for a second
and then you offer the spectator card of
these so it could be any card there's no
force involved so let's just say they
pick that one the four clubs okay and as
they're looking at that this is a tricky
part this is a fund misdirection
part you have to take out for guard yeah
you have to deal a car's at the end so
this is all secret so you can if you can
talk and count and do this you're a
legend but some people struggle to do it
so I after to me that night you know
there's a one two three four five six
seven eight and when you've done that
just like just no look cool look
composed you know what that you haven't
done it and then just pretend to throw
it into the middle so remember the
forest veins for clubs mother so then
just throw the eighth on top of it and
then just pretend you don't want
anything to do with that Dex points now
you've just thrown into the moon then
you hand the spectator these cards the
cards are they picked off first
and you ask them to deal them into a
pale face down okay and now there's a
little trick to this fit the eye you
have to you have to remember which is
one which ones are the eight and which
ones are the nines and you know that the
answer on top so you know the first one
down is an eight and this is where I
remember this okay so the ACE and then
Ali yours ok so in your head as they're
dealing it that you're saying mine not
mine mine not mine mine and if there's
stuff on a mine you ask them to turn
that card and it's nine but if they were
to stop on a not mine so I'm just
climbing back up again to save it was
mine not mine not mine not mine not mine
you'd ask them to turn this one over in
the hand which would be an a okay so
let's just let me to see that really
quick for you and I'm not gonna not
going to you know say it so let's see if
you can work out which one is
do you know which card should be turned
over should be this one hopefully you
had your same mind not my mind not mine
yeah it's an eight so you always have to
make them turn over the one that you
know and there's a little extra but you
can do it this way you can say okay you
stopped on an eight you could have
stopped anywhere you've used to stuff
one later you were to stopped on a seven
if used to stop one sooner well you get
rid of the double bar card you'll have
stopped on an another eight yeah
it's mine I should have really fallen
out the deck let's pull the random 10
you want you won't have a double back
card in your deck if you're not using
these so just ignore that there so they
were to stop once sooner they would have
stopped on the jack but they just they
stopped on an aid so just keep it out
like that so they know how random it was
and then just ask them to deal eight
cards are one two three four five six
seven eight now because you put you deal
a into your hand at the star they've
just brought a cards down you know that
this card is going to be their card
before but let's just say they were to
stop on nine and they were to go 129 you
know that that one is that God beautiful
okay and thus that's a lovely trick i
mean the the reaction you get off that
just because they could you know the
fact they knew they were just stopped on
Syria would have been 70 one layer in a
jack it is it's really really cool so
yeah and I hope that that was our
athlete guys hope you all understood
that and then he's a great girls catch
that